# DrinkingPal
The Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (2022) report on alcohol consumption indicates that, despite improvements in alcohol use among young people since 2001, excessive alcohol consumption remains a problem among young people, particularly those aged 18-24. Over 25.8% of young adults aged 18-24 are found to have exceeded the alcohol guidelines from 2020 to 2021, compared with people aged 18-24 in other groups. In that report, it is determined that younger age groups, primarily those between 18 and 24, are more likely than any other age group to exceed the risk guidelines' standard drink recommendation (4 standard drinks) in a single drink, which leads to high risks. 

Western Australia also contains a considerable number of drinking adults, according to a study (Alcoholthinkagain, 2022). About four in five Western Australian adults consume alcohol in the state. A comparison between the national average of 16.8%, reported by nearly 17.2% of Western Australians, shows that consumption (More than two standard drinks per day) significantly increases risk, even lifetime risk, of alcohol-related harm, which is higher than the national average. Furthermore, Alcoholthinkagain's report (2022) predicts that nearly 40.8% of young adults aged 18-24 drink at least once a month, and this is the group at greatest risk of drinking at risky levels. According to the results, young adults aged 18-24 are at risk of overdrinking and must control their consumption of alcohol.  

Alcohol consumption begins in Australian teenagers before they turn 18.The excessive Alcohol drinking is even worse when they turn 18. Alcohol use during adolescence can lead to harmful drinking practices and alcohol use disorders in later life, as well as injuries and mental illness. Brain development can also be adversely affected by adolescent alcohol consumption. Therefore, It is imperative that young people are more aware about alcohol-related harms.
